sorry butter there don't worry about a
man you know it's it's a lot to ask I
spent the day going through her stuff it
was weird and all the memories I
realized that most people didn't really
get Vic
you know I saw his trouble and let it go
with that but you really got her you
know you got her better than I did most
of the time so
I don't know what we're gonna do with
all this button
you know I don't remember her dying um I
love Caroline told you that when she
told you everything
no she didn't mind made them take that
memory away from me
that I couldn't handle it so whatever my
last moment was with her I don't have it
but neither
I'm remember last moment I have with
Vicki forsooth of vampire
and she's still my sister
daddy
do you see something
she here you said you needed help tell
me how it can help you please I can come
back
I'll be come back
what is she saying tell me
Jimmy don't trust picky